Q:What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
A:It initialize the files needed to keep the repository under control. Just to
 have the items needed to commit my changes to GIT.

Q:How is the staging area different from the working directory and the
repository? What value do you think it offers?
A: Staging area is a zone where you work on your commit you are going to
execute. Working directory is all the content as it is. Kind of splitting both,
makes sense to keep tasks separated and just focus on the task to commit instead
 of fiddling with all the content at the same time.

Q:How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
A: by adding file individually and verifying the status of my GIT repository,
so that I can keep under control the amount of files ready to be committed.

Q:What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
A: I can see these whenever launching the master branch in production and need
to do a change for future releases before it has passed testing in QA.

Q:How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
A: makes easier where the code that other people are working on goes up to,
and easy to track my changes when i guess at one point everything will have
to merge and sync all the changes in other branches to unify it in master.

Q:What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
A: Both lines shows now in a single line. Because now they form part of the
main master line.

Q:What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
A: Pros is that you don't have to worry to track all the changes that were made
in different branches, cons is that changes that you might not want, could get
in the way without knowing. Doing merges manually have the advantage of really
knowing what goes in, but it could be tedious finding all the changes.
